Well to implement this progress bar, I'll add a new component, I'll name it header.vue, so the file
is named header.vue and in there,
I want to set up this component. I'll copy in a prepared template which you find attached to this file,
it's basically the normal bootstrap progress bar,
so you can also head over to getbootstrap.com and fetch it there.
This is the progress bar without any content though,
the state of the progress bar is controlled by controlling the width of it,
you will see this in a second.
Now with this progress bar set up, I can go back to my app.vue file and here, I want to import this,
so here I will import my header and add a new component, app header which uses this imported header
and then in the vue here, I can simply add app header, like this.
Now for this to look good, I also should give this a class of row here though and also wrap this in a
div spanning the full width,
so let me quickly do that, add this and
now, let's simply save this and we see the progress bar though it's empty of course because as I said,
we have to adjust the width of this inner div here to control how far this progress bar has moved. Now
we don't have any width set up right now so we don't see any change therefore,
now let's change this. To set the progress,
I'll add my script part to the single file where I export my default object here, this vue instance and
I'll set up my props
and I want to get two props,
the quote count and the maximum number of quotes, max quotes.
I'll take care about passing this information pieces in a second,
I first want to use it.
I want to output some text in the progress bar, the number of quotes, to do so, I will simply output the
quote count and then also the maximum number of quotes.
Now notice this slash here,
it's not dividing that,
that's no operation, no arithmetic operation,
we do have two different pieces of string interpolation,
that's just some text which will be displayed so that we see 5 of 10
for example. I also need to set the width and I will do this in a new line so that we can clearly see this.
I would bind to the style attribute with colon style,
we learned this earlier too
and here I want to dynamically set the width, so the width property of this or the width style of this div.
How do I set this?
Well I want to calculate the quote count divided by the maximum number of quotes,
so if we have five quotes and the maximum is 10, that would be .5,
so I have to multiply with 100 to have 50 and then I need to express this in percentages, or in percent,
so I need to add plus percent.
This will convert it to a string and attach percent, the percentage sign at the end,
so that in the end this will result to a style of width and then let's say 50%
in the case of 5 items. This is what will result from this finding,
now I need to make sure that both quote count and maximum quotes gets passed correctly.